.TH SIM_AXIS_HARDWARE "9" "2016-07-09" "Machinekit Documentation" "HAL Component"
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..

.RE
.SH NAME
.HP
.HP
sim_axis_hardware \- A component to simulate home and limit switches
.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP
.HP
.HP
.B loadrt sim_axis_hardware [count=\fIN\fB|names=\fIname1\fB[,\fIname2...\fB]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.HP
.HP

This component creates simulated home and limit switches based on the current position.

It currently can supply simulation for X,Y,Z and A axes.

.SH FUNCTIONS
.HP
.HP
.TP
\fBsim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.update\fR (requires a floating-point thread)

.SH PINS
.HP
.HP
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xcurrent-pos\fR float in \fR
The current position on the axis - eg connect to axis.0.joint-pos-fb
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ycurrent-pos\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zcurrent-pos\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Acurrent-pos\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xhomesw-pos\fR float in \fR(default: \fI1\fR)
The position of the home switch
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yhomesw-pos\fR float in \fR(default: \fI1\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zhomesw-pos\fR float in \fR(default: \fI1\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ahomesw-pos\fR float in \fR(default: \fI1\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xmaxsw-upper\fR float in \fR
The upper range of the maximum limit switch, above this is false.
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ymaxsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zmaxsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Amaxsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xmaxsw-lower\fR float in \fR
The lower range of the maximum limit switch, below this is false.
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ymaxsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zmaxsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Amaxsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xminsw-upper\fR float in \fR
The upper range of the minimum limit switch, above this is false.
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yminsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zminsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Aminsw-upper\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xminsw-lower\fR float in \fR
The lower range of the minimum limit switch, below this is false.
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yminsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zminsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Aminsw-lower\fR float in \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xhomesw-hyst\fR float in \fR(default: \fI.02\fR)
range that home switch will be true +- half this to the home position
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yhomesw-hyst\fR float in \fR(default: \fI.02\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zhomesw-hyst\fR float in \fR(default: \fI.02\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ahomesw-hyst\fR float in \fR(default: \fI.02\fR)
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xhomesw-out\fR bit out \fR
 Home switch for the X axis
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yhomesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zhomesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ahomesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.homesw-all\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xmaxsw-out\fR bit out \fR
Max limit switch
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xminsw-out\fR bit out \fR
min limit switch
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xbothsw-out\fR bit out \fR
True for both max and min limit switch
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ymaxsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yminsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ybothsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zmaxsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zminsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zbothsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Amaxsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Aminsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Abothsw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.limitsw-all\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.limitsw-homesw-all\fR bit out \fR
True for all limits and all home.
.TP
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xmaxsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xminsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Xbothsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ymaxsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Yminsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Ybothsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zmaxsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zminsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Zbothsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Amaxsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Aminsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.Abothsw-homesw-out\fR bit out \fR
.TQ
.B sim-axis-hardware.\fIN\fB.limit-offset\fR float in \fR(default: \fI.01\fR)
how much the limit switches are offset from inputed position. added to max, subracted from min
.HP
.SH AUTHOR
.HP
.HP
Chris Morley
.HP
.SH LICENCE
.HP
.HP
GPL
.HP
